hey there sexy!
I hope your day is as nice as your face!
have you been working out?
I'm lucky to be your mirror!
the Force is strong with you
If I could high five you... I would!
on a scale from 1 to 10 you're an 15!
being awesome is hard but you'll manage
I could just hang here all day!
I need some time to reflect...
I see a lot of myself in you
damn. You're looking good!
yes, you are the fairest of them all
may the Force be with you
there's no place like home
there is no spoon...
welcome to the desert of the real
if you focus on what you’ve left behind you will never be able to see what lies ahead
I carried a watermelon
you gotta hold the frame
never underestimate the power of denial
strangers all wanna sit next to you on the bus
coworkers fantasizes about getting stuck in the elevator with you
at least two friends are going to name their child and/or goldfish after you
you are freakishly good at thumb wars
the FBI tapped your phone just to hear the sound of your voice
you never forget to fill the ice-cube tray
people enjoy you accidentally touching their butt while putting on your seat-belt
I’d give you the last piece of my gum even if I’d just ate garlic
you could make up a weird religion or diet and everyone would follow it
your principal would call you to the office just to look cool
your handshake conveys intelligence confidence and minor claminess
cops admire your ability to stay a perfect 3-5 miles above the speed limit
you rarely have to go to the bathroom when you fly in the window seat
cockroaches, mice, and other pests avoid your place out of respect
callers are intimidated by how funny your voicemail greeting is
kids think you are the cool old person
people always think your jeggings are regular jeans
80% of motorcycle gangs think you’d be a delightful sidecar
everyone at the laundromat thinks you have the cutest underwear
people behind you at movies think you are the perfect height
your parents argue over which one of them you look like
your smile is contagious
you look great today
you're a smart cookie
I bet you make babies smile
you have impeccable manners
I like your style
you have the best laugh
I appreciate you
you are the most perfect you there is
your perspective is refreshing
you're an awesome friend
you light up the room
you deserve a hug right now
you should be proud of yourself
you're more helpful than you realize
you have a great sense of humor
you've got all the right moves!
you're all that and a super-size bag of chips
you're even more beautiful on the inside than you are on the outside
if cartoon bluebirds were real, a bunch of them would be sitting on your shoulders singing right now
you are making a difference
you're like sunshine on a rainy day
you bring out the best in other people
your ability to recall random factoids at just the right time is impressive
you're a great listener
how is it that you always look great even in sweatpants?
everything would be better if more people were like you!
I bet you sweat glitter
you were cool way before hipsters were cool
that color is perfect on you
hanging out with you is always a blast
you smell really good
being around you makes everything better!
when you say “I meant to do that” I totally believe you
colors seem brighter when you're around
you're wonderful
you have cute elbows. For reals!
jokes are funnier when you tell them
you're better than a triple-scoop ice cream cone. With sprinkles
your bellybutton is kind of adorable
your hair looks stunning
you're one of a kind!
you're inspiring
you should be thanked more often. So thank you!!
you have the best ideas
you always know how to find that silver lining
everyone gets knocked down sometimes but you always get back up and keep going
you're a candle in the darkness
you're a great example to others
being around you is like being on a happy little vacation
you always know just what to say
you're always learning new things and trying to better yourself which is awesome
if someone based an Internet meme on you it would have impeccable grammar
you could survive a Zombie apocalypse
you're more fun than bubble wrap
when you make a mistake you fix it
who raised you? They deserve a medal for a job well done
you're great at figuring stuff out
your voice is magnificent
the people you love are lucky to have you in their lives
you're like a breath of fresh air
you're gorgeous -- and that's the least interesting thing about you too
you're so thoughtful
your creative potential seems limitless
your name suits you to a T
you're irresistible when you blush
actions speak louder than words and yours tell an incredible story
somehow you make time stop and fly at the same time
when you make up your mind about something nothing stands in your way
you seem to really know who you are
any team would be lucky to have you on it
in high school I bet you were voted \most likely to keep being awesome.\
babies and small animals probably love you
you're someone's reason to smile
you're even better than a unicorn because you're real
how do you keep being so funny and making everyone laugh?
you have a good head on your shoulders
has anyone ever told you that you have great posture?
the way you treasure your loved ones is incredible
you're really something special
you're a gift to those around you
you're so smart! Why haven't I thought of that before?
you look great in that outfit
you look younger than your age
I like the way you smile
you're so funny!
thank you for being so thoughtful
did you lose some weight? You look healthy
I like you because you are a great listener
you inspired me to become a better person
I couldn't have finished this project without your help
I like your sense of style
your hair looks amazing
you smell good today
you rock that shirt!
good job!
I like your shoes
I like the way you designed my website
you have a lovely voice
your sweater looks nice. Where did you buy that?
you cracked me up with that joke
I love all of the photos you've taken
you are a great husband
that's so awesome!
tave been working out lately?
how do you style your hair like that?
I like your pants
I will recommend your service to my friends
you must be the life of the party
you look even better without makeup
you have a great taste in clothes
take a break! You deserve a vacation
how do you make your skin look flawless and radiant?
nice nails!
you are one of a kind
you look cool in those boots
keep up the good work!
you nailed it!
those shoes were a great call.
9/10 dentists agree you are the BEST
today's outfit = Thumbs up
your hair looks great today. It also looked really good two days ago
you could be an astronaut if you wanted. NASA told me so
your dental hygiene is impeccable.
8 out of 10 co-workers agree your desk is the cleanest.
you'd be the last one standing in a horror movie
you're funny. Like LOL style
you have very smooth hair
you deserve a promotion
I like your style
that looks nice on you
you have perfect bone structure
I like your socks
your smile is breath taking
you make my data circuits skip a beat
you are the gravy to my mashed potatoes
you're cooler than Pirates and Ninjas combined
I like your pants
you could probably lead a rebellion
your skin is radiant
you could survive a zombie apocalypse
you're so rad
you're more fun than a barrel of monkeys
you're nicer than a day on the beach
your glass is the fullest
you look so perfect
you're more fun than bubble wrap
you're the bee's knees
you definitely know the difference between your and you're
yum! I dig you
you got the moves like Jagger
I would volunteer to take your place in the Hunger Games
you have such nice eyes
you're awesome.
you're the best
you're fantastic
you're really flipping smart
you look awesome today seriously
